Clarify `WildcardImport` rule configuration (#1888)
arturbosch/detekt: docs/pages/documentation/style.md

   Define a whitelist of package names that should be allowed to be imported
with wildcard imports.

> **NOTE:** This rule conflicts with `NoWildcardImports` formatting rule.

Reviewer: I do believe that _conflicts_ here is probably not the best term.

I would rephrase with something like:

```suggestion
**NOTE:** This rule is similar to the `NoWildcardImports` formatting rule (a wrapper of a KtLint rule).
If you need to specify a `excludeImports` configuration, please consider disabling the other rule.
```

Or something like that.

Author: I like the wrapper clarification suggestion.
Regarding conflict/similarity: this pull request was born exactly because of the conflict between these two rules and confusion surrounding it. Yes they are indeed similar, but they are also in conflict and the most restrictive one wins.
